.. include:: /../docs/shared/include/defs.rst
.. _cosi.changes.2019:

============
Changes 2019
============

.. Note: Changes are grouped by date. Every new day gives a new
   heading. If a release deserves separate release notes, we create a separate
   document and this file will have a link to it.

.. contents::
  :local:

2019-08-07
==========

.. currentmodule:: lino_xl.lib.ledger

Fixed a bug in :mod:`lino_xl.lib.ledger` : when the
:attr:`Account.common_account` was updated via the web interface, Lino did not
"realize" this until the server process was restarted.

Fixed : :class:`lino_xl.lib.vat.InvoicesByJournal` did not display the right
sorting order. It was using ['-id'] instead of the order defined in
:class:`lino_xl.lib.ledger.ByJournal`.


2019-07-24
==========

The detail view to :class:`lino_cosi.lib.contacts.Partners` was there,
but there was no detail link in combo boxes on partner fields.

2019-07-22
==========

Added a detail view to :class:`lino_cosi.lib.contacts.Partners`.  While this
view is irritating in applications without accounting, for :ref:`cosi` it is
irritating to *not* have it.

The chooser for :attr:`lino_xl.lib.vat.VatDocument.vat_regime` had a typo bug
causing a :message:`TypeError: get_vat_regime_choices() takes from 0 to 2
positional arguments but 3 were given` when user tried to change the vat regime
of a voucher.

Using :kbd:`Ctrl+x` on a voucher to run
:meth:`lino_xl.lib.ledger.Voucher.toggle_state` changed the voucher state but
did not actually register the voucher (i.e. create movements, compute totals,
...).


2019-04-15
==========

Show the field vat_id in the "Accounting" Panel for partner and company.

2019-04-11
==========
Add a new 'partner_ref' field for  :class:`lino.modlib.contacts.Company` to
store how this partner refers to us. And add this field to the "Accounting"
Panel.

Released Lino Cosi 19.4.0 to PyPI.

2019-03-19
==========
Released Lino Cosi 19.3.0 to PyPI.

2019-03-17
==========

A :ref:`cosi` application no longer has a default VAT declaration plugin.  To
get VAT declarations, you must add something like the following to your local
:xfile:`settings.py` file::

    def get_installed_apps(self):
        yield super(Site, self).get_installed_apps()
        yield 'lino_xl.lib.eevat'

The :mod:`lino_book.projects.pierre` project now has no VAT declarations at
all. :mod:`lino_book.projects.apc` has standard Belgian and
:mod:`lino_book.projects.cosi_ee` standard Estonian declarations. Simplified
Belgian VAT declarations is in :mod:`lino_book.projects.lydia` demo project.


2019-03-16
==========

The :attr:`vat_regime` field was missing in the detail layout of persons and
organizations.

2019-02-12 (v 19.2.0)
=====================

We released :doc:`19.2.0`.

2019-01-21
==========

Products now inherit from :class:`lino.mixins.refs.Referrable`. Because at
least previous TIM users want a :attr:`ref` field per product.  And I imagine
that other users might do so as well.  The field is not yet visible in the
detail view.
